Someone grabbed my chain and then I just
remember seeing knives.
A BBC live music event was ended early
last night. The rapper crept was
attacked backstage.
This was a millimeter deeper and it
would have been a different scenario.
He's a rapper and has collaborated with
the likes of anyone and Stormy.
[Applause]
[Music]
Conan's stepdad was killed.
Car ran out of the room trying to fight.
Two more gunshots. Everything silent.
We can either go and retaliate or we
take this music thing seriously.
Actually try to make it out of where
we're coming from. The next thing we put
out went viral. Skeptor reached out and
said, "Yo, we want to bring you guys on
tour." It was such a life-changing
moment for us. We started doing radio,
TV, and we started branching out.
Nala's baby full of natural goodness.
You would never put a rapper launching a
baby skincare line in the same sentence.
You should always feel uncomfortable.
Almost like you shouldn't be here and
that's the growth man. You can't be
afraid of that.
Do you know how what the company's
valued at? 17 and a half.
What do you think Blaine would think
another baby?
Cadet whose real name was Blaine Johnson
has died.
He was on the brink of doing something
great.
What's on your mind?
We've got this complex like I'm not
meant to cry. like it makes you feel
like less of a man or something. I swear
this scares me.
So, without further ado, I'm Steven
Bartlett and this is the diary of a CEO.
I hope nobody's listening, but if you
are, then please keep this to yourself
[Music]
crept.
First of all, thank you for being here.
I think got got to be honest. I think
you're one of the the smartest looking
guests I've ever had sit in the chair.
I'm very jealous of your outfit today.
Thank you, man.
It's it's sick. And the design is a
friend of mine who um who I met in
Manchester a couple of couple of months
back. But where I wanted to start with
you is um back in South London, back in
Cuden. I want you to if you can give me
the context in which you were you were
raised. And when I say context, I mean
like what were those things in your
environment at an early age that
ultimately shaped who you were and left
those little kind of foot those
fingerprints on on your personality and
character? To be honest, like when I was
younger, when I was in school,
like all I knew and all my friendships
knew were, you know, gangs and, you
know, that kind of lifestyle. That's all
that we saw. like you know everybody
that I would go to school with or you
know outside of school that was that's
that's what it was and you know we got
caught up in a load of nonsense growing
up but I was one of those people that
always saw the bigger picture and I
always thought I don't want to end up
going to jail and I don't want to end up
dying because that's what I saw like I
I've lost so much friends due to, you
know, coming from where we're coming
from and like seeing friends that I've
I've grown up with pass away to to
violence or crimes or, you know,
friends. I've got loads of friends that
are in jail for life and some for even
things they didn't even do. So, I always
used to be like, you know, when when
when my friends was doing this or doing
that, I would always be like, you know,
I'm going to try and do this and try and
do that and because I do not want to end
up in jail or dying. Like that was, you
know, that's what we was used to. Like,
and it's sad because it's like it felt
so normal. Like the first time, you
know, I was like 13 and hearing gunshots
outside my house and coming out and
someone's on the floor dead and I'm a
13year-old young boy. And it it was like
it was normal. It wasn't even like
something that seemed abnormal at the
time. It just felt like this is how it
is when you live where you live or where
you're from, where you're from. And
that's what it was. Do you know what I
mean? And I feel like I've always always
had my eye on being more than that like
all the time. So when you know my
friends
was
getting involved in certain things, I
was like, you know, I'm going to I'm
going to finish college. I'm going to go
to university and I'm going to try my
best to keep myself, you know, on a
positive path. Like and I always thought
this all the time and I always said,
"Yeah, I'm not going to I'm not going to
fall into this trap because I'm seeing,
you know, my friends falling into I'm
seeing my friends going to jail. I'm
seeing my friends die." I'm like like,
"When is it?" And it's and it doesn't
end. It doesn't stop. You know, new
issues happen now. You know, you got a
problem with these people because of
this or like and it just it's a constant
cycle and I feel like I didn't want to
get trapped in that cycle. What
what was your family unit like? Um my my
mom and dad wasn't together. Um my
father went to jail for a lot of my
childhood.
Um and you know he so he wasn't around
for a lot of the important moments in my
life and that age where I feel like you
probably need you know a father figure
there. um he wasn't um because he was in
jail and you know again that's what I
was you know seeing and that was what
was a norm to me you know um growing up
my mom was single and it was she was
just you know doing her best to look
after me and my brother um and I feel
like she done an incredible job but
there was still I'll never forget there
was a moment where
something happened and police came to my
house and I'll never forget my mom said
I failed as a mom and
I can't explain how that made me feel
and I was like there's no way on earth
that I'm going to let those words even
become a reality. So I remember from
there I was like I am going to make this
woman proud like if it's my the last
thing I do and that was a really really
big you know motivational
moment for me.
Why you done matter so much to you?
Because my mom did everything she could
you know she tried her best as as a
single mom. She tried her best. She
always, you know, wanted the best for me
and wanted the best for my brother and,
you know, being a single mom, knowing
that there's bills and knowing that she
was stressed and this that and the
fourth, like I know she wanted the best
for me and me feeling like,
you know,
I haven't even tried to appreciate or
repay her for that. And her feeling like
a failure even though she done her
absolute best. So that resonated with me
and it really hit me when she said that
and yeah from I remember from then like
the motivation I had I was like I'm
going to cuz I I I didn't even want to
stay in uni or I didn't want to like I
was thinking that's long I don't want
and I was like no I'm going to go all
the way and I'm going to graduate. I'm
going to make her run and say my son's
got a degree I'm going to do that and
I'm going to do my music and I'm going
to be successful in that and she's going
to be proud. I spoke it and knew it was
going to happen because I was so
determined from from there to to make it
happen. So yeah,
often when you're from an environment
where people are being tempted to choose
a nefarious life, so when when they're
being tempted to choose a slightly you
maybe it's a criminal lifestyle or
something because they don't have the
same level of opportunities in that
environment. So often people look back
and they can almost see how it could
have gone another way for for them. How
they could have been tempted in that
other path because there's no doubt
temptation to choose another path would
have been present in that environment.
When you look back on on those times can
you can you see how things could have
gone another way? 100%. like there there
there was, you know, there was one
specific moment that um
I remember when it was when Conan had a
situation where his his stepdad was
killed and his mother was shot.
Can you tell me about that incident?
What you read about that in a song?
Yeah, a song called My Story. um where
Conan was um I think he was coming back
from radio and Conan
um
when Conan got back basically there was
people waiting for him and he was
walking to his door and he had his key
in his hand and he's always been a a
paranoid person so he'd always like
ready to put his key in and cuz like he
was always alert and he always he's just
an alert person. He's always alert on
point. And if this was probably anybody
else, they probably would have died. But
he was just by his door and then he
heard
people running behind and he just knew
straight away. He didn't look back. He
just put his key in the door, turn it,
open it, closed it. And then that's
when, you know, he realized like, okay,
someone is definitely here to try and
kill me. and they've got in the house um
and
they've basically when they're holding
the door upstairs
um they've shot through the door and one
of the the the bullets you know hit
Conan's mom and then Conan's stepdad at
the time ended up wrestling with them
and then he ended up getting shot
um and and dying and and um the guys
left. But you know it was that situation
that happened and as you can imagine
what that what effect or you know that
would have had on him and everybody
around him. So I remember we were
sitting in a car and our friends was
like look
we can either go and do this and and
retaliate or whatever whatever it was
and I remember there was that moment of
oh we we we
take this music thing seriously and you
know don't throw everything away right
now and actually try to make it out of
where, you know, we're coming from. And
it was that moment of like, we're going
to do the music. We're going to focus
and put our all into this and, you know,
see what happens. And that was like a
moment where that could have easily
gone a completely different way. Like we
literally had nothing. We was we I
remember we had an argument over the
last bit of chicken and chips because
that's the only money we had. like we
had nothing and Conan was homeless. Like
it was like probably the one of the
worst periods of our lives and
definitely Conan's for sure. Um and
I feel like
from there we done Otus which was like a
a cover of Jay-Z and Kanye's um song.
And that song went viral.
And it was like it was the perfect time
for something like that to happen
because we could have done that and not
done what we, you know, not done
anything and then we could have just,
you know, somehow slipped back into or
whatever. But it was literally from that
moment the next thing we put out,
bearing in mind we've been putting out
music, you know, and we've never had a
moment like that before. And the next
thing we put out after this disaster has
just happened. The next thing we put out
went viral and everything changed from
there. Literally, you know, we put this
out and then from there we ended up, you
know, Skeptor reached out and said, "Yo,
we want to bring you guys on tour." And
you know, for any musician when you go
on tour and do live music, it's like for
the first time, it makes you feel like
you're really a musician. Like I'm
really doing this for real. And that was
really like a a a special moment for us
that he's asked us to come on tour
during this period. We was we were so
new as artists. Skeptor didn't, you
know, we would have just done the tour
for free. He didn't even he didn't even
just have us on the tour supporting. He
paid us
like he paid us per show like and when I
mean we were so we was like we're going
to get paid to come on tour with you on
a tour that is already sold out. He
didn't need us there
and he had us on on the tour and paid us
as well. And it was just like such a
life-changing moment for us. Like, you
know, I I I I just feel like the the the
the stars aligned or something. But, you
know, being in that moment where you're
like about to throw everything away to
then you're on stage live with thousands
of people in front of you. Like from
that transition to that in in an
you know, you couldn't make that up.
like that was just it was just a crazy
time and I feel like yeah man I feel
like we obviously made you know the
right decision and
yeah we've never looked back since man
the person that um carried out that
attack um
did you ever find out why they did it
and did they get caught?
It's It's weird because we don't
actually We'll never know who who done
it because
You'll never know who done it.
No, because we There was two people
there.
All right.
Um and one person got arrested for it,
but at the end of the day, you still
don't know, you know, who done it
and they got sentenced.
Yeah, they got sentenced. I think they
got found with the weapon or something
like that. But um yeah, there was two.
So, we don't actually know
who's who's done it up until today.
We know a lot about mental health these
days. It's a more of a conversation now.
But how does, you know, you you're by
his side. How does Conan deal with that?
Both of his parents being shot, one of
them dying.
Conan is like
I it's one of those ones where I can't
even explain on his behalf because it's
not even something I can even comprehend
being in that situation. Um what what I
know he we have done is you know stayed
doing music and doing what we love and
actually growing in that world and
actually you know becoming someone from
doing what we love and you know the
success that it's brought and all of you
know the great things that have happened
and you know us just growing and growing
and growing. I feel like that has been a
major distraction from the harsh reality
of what's happened in in his life. Do
you know what I mean? And um I feel like
if we didn't,
you know, have the success we had, I
don't know what would have happened.
There it's interesting because I'm not
sure if success um success heals. Like
you use the word distraction. It's
actually the word that I would naturally
use. it kind of distracts you from the
pain and then what you tend to see when
I sit here with a lot of people is they
they still have to at some point address
that pain that pain
or alter alcohol or other things you
know
um and we see see that a lot with
musicians especially you know
so that's kind of what I'm getting to
you've been through the same you've been
through the same hurt and you've lost
people in your life as well so you can
kind of speak to that as opposed to
speaking to Conan situation but how
especially in like in that culture in
like the black culture and especially
black men they don't talk about mental
health.
Really? Especially 10 years ago. No
[__] chance.
No, definitely not. It's like
we've got this, I don't know, complex or
we've got this thing where we're like,
"No, we're all right." Like, I can get
through it. Like, I'm not meant to cry.
And I don't know why or how or why we've
been conditioned in this way. But we
have and we feel like, you know, we
don't need to talk to anybody about
feeling down. Like it makes you feel
like less of a man or something. I'm not
sure what it is, but you know, it it's
definitely something that's important to
me because like my one of my best
friends committed suicide and
I have no idea why up until today.
So, you're talking about Nash.
Nash. Yeah. M
and I I don't know why. Like the last
time I was with him, we were celebrating
that we just finished the shop.
Like, bro, we did it. And he was like, I
can't believe we've done it. We've done
it. And he was so happy. And then he was
showing me like, "Look at the emails I'm
getting from people like that showing
interest." And he was so excited about
it. But then a few days later, he jumped
in front of a train.
Like
what was what did I miss? I was with
him, spoke to him all the time like and
it was just it was like and we're like
this and he didn't not once express or
make me feel that he was depressed or
going through something mentally like I
didn't know and I'm with him every day.
I didn't see it. So that's how I know
how important it is, you know, for us as
men and black men to, you know, really
not, you know, hide and cover and in our
in our feelings and our emotions. And
there's nothing wrong with
talking about it or telling someone or
going to therapy. Like there's nothing
wrong with that. I feel like I don't
know why. I don't know why, but that
situation made me realize how bad it is
because I genuinely didn't see anything
wrong with him. Like, we're speaking all
the time. He's updating me. Look, this
has just happened. I'm going here. I'm
going there. I'm doing this. Like, oh,
this has just come to the shop. Got this
order. Like, we're like, you know, and
then we celebrated the fact that we
finished the shop and it was built. So
for context here, you this is when you
launched um Creps and Cones.
Yes. So before launching Creps and
Cones, Nash was the person that was
going to run it and manage the store.
And
for anybody that doesn't know, so I kind
of heard the story that someone a fan
had tweeted you guys one day about how
funny it would be or something that if
you opened a restaurant called Creps and
Cones.
Yeah. Um
you trademarked it or
Yeah. No, I basically I I can't
remember. I had a conversation with
someone one time and and like I remember
the the name came into my head and then
I just tweeted one time.
I tweeted in 2014. I said, "One day
we're going to have a restaurant called
Creps and Cones."
And I just thought it was a sick idea,
sick name, sick play for the name. But
in 2014, I never had anything. So, it
was it was it was just what it was a
really big just putting it out there. By
the way, one day, I don't know if this
ever going to happen cuz, you know, I'm
not in a position to make this happen,
but I feel like I will be one day. And I
just put out the tweet and then I saw
people like, "Oh, that would be sick.
That would be sick." Loads of retweets.
Oh, that would be sick. And then it was
like, "Okay, one day." Like, "We'll
revisit that conversation."
And then, um,
did you trademark it?
I didn't. You know,
that's nice.
I didn't. I did. No one did. Luckily, we
trademarked it a bit later down, but
we we didn't even I don't think I could
afford to trademark it at the time.
Like, I I don't even think I could have
afforded to at the time when I when I
tweeted it. But I remember um speaking
to Nash about it and saying, "Yeah, one
day like, you know, I'm this is what we
we need to do this one day." And he was
like, "That'll be sick. That would be
sick." But he was working in property
and he was doing really well doing what
he was doing. And I remember he called
me and he was like, I want to I want to,
you know, it's time for change, man. I
want to do something else. Um, what
about the idea that you were saying, the
creps and cones thing? And I was like,
yeah, let's do it. And this was at a
time when I I I could do it. And, you
know, and Conan was like, "Yeah, let's
like he he he already kn it was
something that we wanted to do. Do you
know what I mean?" So,
um, it was just like, who are we going
to get to lead this for us? Because
obviously we're musicians. We need
someone that, you know, and when Nash
broke down, you know, everything that he
had been research and learned and, you
know, people that he was going to get
involved to be a part of it and this,
that, and the fourth, it was just like,
this makes sense. Let's do it. And
there's no better person to do it with
than one of our best friends. Do you
know what I mean? And so, we decided,
yeah, we're going to do it. Um, and
yeah, that was a
nightmare in itself. Like, you know,
just building a shop, like having
builders going missing or, you know,
people trying to be middlemen skimming
off the top and this that and the fourth
and
taking advantage of you cuz you're
musicians as well, right?
Yes. So, we probably ended up spending
triple what we should have spent on
building it. Um, and it took like a
year. Like when I mean me and Nash was
probably sleeping in that shop. There
was days we had we did sleep in the shop
cuz we you know we had to deliveries and
the next day and you know we need to get
this done and you know we need to do
that or do this and and then we we
didn't trust any builders. We didn't
trust anyone. So we had to be there
while they was doing it to make sure
they're doing it in the way that we told
them they're going to do it. You know
cuz we leave them they come back and
then something's not done or and it's
like what have you been doing in the
last week? And it was and it was just it
was a it was a probably just the worst
like you know experience in terms of our
intro into this business world. I hated
it. Like I was I'm not going to sit here
and say like yeah it was great and it
was it wasn't I hated it. I put my back
up and it was like okay I don't I don't
I know stepping into this world I'm not
going to trust anyone now. And that
really that restaurant really changed me
as a a businessman. really changed me as
a as a the way I think and you know the
way I approach things and
in terms of like
before if somebody would come to me and
say this is how much this costs to do
this I would probably be like okay
sounds reasonable let's do it now I'm
going to ask 10 other people and get
other people to ask another 10 other
people and gauge if this makes sense and
this is the right thing to do or not or
I'm getting the best value for money
before I wouldn't do
And I do that with everything. It's like
I'm I'm I'm double-checking everything,
every aspect. Is this the best kind of
thing to do? Or is there a way I can do
this in a better way for the same price?
And it's just made me like that. And it
I feel like it's turned me into a bit of
a monster. Not a monster, but like I'm
just really not the same person I was
when I was making, you know, creps and
cones.
That's what adversity does, though. you
you build a callous and that becomes
like self-defense, right? So, more than
anything, you want people to know that
you're going to ask those 10 questions
before they even come to you because
then they won't they won't try it. So,
you're playing self-defense, which is
what I do as well. It's like if you know
I'm going to ask 10 questions, you're
not going to give me the the bad price
the first time you come up cuz you know,
every time I interrogate it, even if I
end up saying yes, I'm going to ask you
all kinds of [__] Yeah, I get that a
lot now like from from people that I use
and work with and they're like, "Ah,
here he goes again on these tangents and
asking 101 questions and I'm like double
checking everything." And
but that comes from experience of
Yes.
being burnt.
Being burnt. Yeah. And we felt like we
was burnt really badly on on creps and
cones.
What did it teach you about business?
Cuz that was your first real like foray
into business. I mean, you had like the
apparel brand before then. Yeah, we done
we done we sold like a lot of merch
which done which done that was what
actually helped us make the money to
invest in our music. So the do selling
the you know the apparel the merch and
stuff like that that's what we actually
ended up getting money from to invest
and do music videos and do that
independently. But what that that cuz
that experience setting up a restaurant
I mean I used to work in a restaurant
when I was in my mom's restaurant when I
was young when I was seven 8 n 10 11 12
the chaos of customers and complain
chaotic like it that that cuz people
someone said to me when I was like I'm
doing a restaurant it was like that's
like the hardest business to get into
why are you doing that money and I was
like really like I didn't
and then it it became extremely harder
for us because you know Nash was our guy
and you know us having Nash getting a
staff, hiring everybody, dealing with
everything, accounts, this that and the
fourth and he was our guy leading this
and then the week where
launching on the Saturday that earlier
on in that week he commit suicide.
Take me back to when you found out that
that that had happened.
It was I think it was like someone was
coming to the shop to do something. I I
can't remember what what it was, but I
was due an update from Nash on something
to do with the the shop and um
didn't hear from him the whole day. And
I was like, "This is odd." Cuz he would
usually update us on everything like,
"Oh, this has happened." And he was so
excited like, "Oh, imagine this has
happened. I found the sickest bartender.
Oh my god, I found the sickest chef.
Look look." And and it it was just like
loads of that usually. and we're a week
away from, you know, launching. We
couldn't hear from him the whole day.
And we was like,
where where is Nash? Like, why have you
got through to him? And we're asking
like, what's going on? And, you know,
we're messaging him, trying to call him.
Um and then
um
we were when we was at the restaurant
um yeah I got a call and someone was
like
it's Nash
and
he's dead and I was like
and it was like he jumped in front of a
train.
Like I'm even more confused because one
of the last interactions we had, we was
walking across the road and I remember
the bus was coming and he grabbed me and
was like, "Get out the road." Like what
are you doing?
Like and he's like and I remember him
going, "Bro, don't do that to me. You
scared me." Like that kind of thing.
Like the bus was coming and he grabbed
like it was a moment of, "Oh, the bus
was coming." Like straight away I I was
thinking about I was like that there's
no way he did that because I remember
like why would he do that? How what was
wrong? Why didn't we see it? Like there
was so much questions
like and I just remember breaking down
outside Notting Hill like tears crying.
I was like there's no way this is real.
And then we was going to just cancel the
the launch and then
someone close to him was like he
wouldn't want you to do that. And we
made a decision and said, "You know
what? We're just going to do it." Um, we
ended up having to find, you know, all
the people, the stuff people that he was
contacting and try and get hold of them
to keep this thing going for launch. Um,
and I managed to kind of get majority
but not everybody or everything in in
line that he had prepared. We're
grieving
and we're launching
and we don't know what we're doing at
the all at the same time. So, and the
day it's launch day, you know, we've got
the mayor of Cuden coming out cutting
the ribbon at the shop. And the whole
time I'm thinking about Nash. Like Nash
should be here. We're taking a picture.
Nash should be in this picture.
Like when we open these doors, I don't
even know what's going on. So people
thought we was there because of PR and
we're in a restaurant serving people,
doing this, doing that. No, we wasn't. I
wasn't in there because of PR. I was in
there because I had to be in there. Had
to work in there. I had to. Like I was
literally working in that restaurant,
you know, cleaning toilets, what you
name it, I was doing everything, you
know, and people thought it was a PR
thing and was doing it for PR and it
genuinely wasn't. Like I didn't know
what I was doing and it was it was
scary, man. Like it was like we've
literally just launched this massive
thing. The queue is from here till the
end of the road. Like I've never seen
anything like it. The queue was so long
and it's like all these people are
coming to eat here. Oh my god. and you
know we're going through this and you
know it was it was it was like a
bittersweet but mainly bitter because
you know it was you know in the
restaurant world you're dealing with
people's emotions. You're not dealing
with your forget your emotions. You got
to deal with the staff's emotions.
You've got to deal with the customer's
emotions. If your chef is not in a good
mood today,
he's now going to burn this rice or he's
going to do something maybe out of
character or or something. Um, and so
I've got to rely on my chef's emotions
every single day, even if he's going
through his own issues or and it's not
just one chef, there's two, three, four.
Then, you know, if your your main bar
person, it's a Saturday busy night,
decides I'm not turning up for work
because they've had an argument with
their partner or whatever it is, what do
what do I do? So, this whole business is
relying on other people's emotions. And
even the customers, the customers come
in, they're not in a good mood. They're
already just, I'm not in a good mood. I
want my food and I want it in 5 minutes.
And if I get it in 7 minutes, I'm
kicking off. but just just because
they're in that mood. So you you're
constantly dealing with emotions and
people's feelings every single day. And
for you to get that right every single
day and everybody's emotions be great
and everyone's in a great like
Well, you're still dealing with your
own, right?
And we're grieving.
Do you know what I mean? And I remember
COVID happened and then it was just like
this just gets even worse. And our our
restaurant was, you know, it was about
coming in there and vibes and
experienced music, drinks, this that and
the fourth and that was what it was. So
it wasn't like takeaways
like you know everyone's like yeah just
adapt and do takeaways. Yeah, that's
fine. But our whole business was built
on vibes and we do we did like Sunday
events and we like it was really an
inperson like that's what we created.
But the restaurant done so well it
managed to you know survive throughout
the co stuff but
then we was not going to reopen because
of the stress and what it was doing to
us mentally. I didn't care about the
money. You know, people, you're sitting
on a gold mine. You get this right. You
just to get it right and you know, you
can. And I was like, I hear you. Sounds
great. I can't deal with it. Like, it's
too much stress there. Like, I was in
there every day. I was losing weight. I
was I was drained, tired, you know? I
remember a guy came in and stole
everything because he pretended to be a
friend of ours. and the staff that was
working there or the cleaner believed
him and was like, "Yeah, your friend
came in and took all the iPads and all
the the the equipment." And I was like,
"What? What? Why? Why would you what are
you talking about?" And then gone in
there, there's nothing that they've
taken all the stock. It's that like what
is going on? Like this is this is crazy.
I can't deal with this. And it was just
like I'm not I don't care what potential
this has. I'm not doing it. And then um
my my friend
bouncer introduced me to some guys and
said, "Look, these are some really good
guys. You know, they've got these
successful restaurants. They run it
amazingly and this that and the fourth
and, you know, they're interested in
partnering up with you guys to just, you
know, make this work because, you know,
you you clearly got something here." And
these guys came and they said, "Look, we
we we'll deal with that. We'll take away
all the headache. Let's let's let's make
it work, man. we, you know, we seeing,
we see this being big. We feel like we
can franchise it. We feel like we can do
this, that, and the fourth. I was like,
"Cool, let's do it. Let's give it
another shot." Um Um as long as, you
know, I don't have to bear that that the
brutal reality of, you know,
running a business,
running a restaurant.
Have you ever Have you ever um Have you
ever like truly taken time to because
you use the word grief, we were
grieving. What does that actually look
like when you say we were grieving?
Because from what from what I'm guessing
it and from my assumption of hearing the
story, it seems like your version of
grieving has always been to just kind of
distract yourself.
That is literally what I do. And I just
feel like and I don't know if I feel
like I'm scared to
stop
and take everything in. So I've always
just keep going. I'm just like, "Oh,
that's happened. Got to keep going." cuz
if I stop and and I don't know if that's
a recipe for disaster or not. I'm still
waiting to find out. I don't know. When
when Nash passed, it was like I felt
like, okay, I've got to make this work
now. I've got to make creps and cones
work because what this this like he done
so much and we spoke about so much and
you know this can't just die in vain. I
feel like through the stress that was
one thing that made me just feel like
you know I'm just going to you know I'm
just going to do with it. I'm just going
to deal with it. It was only being
forced by co to stop everything where I
sat down and was like this
do I want to start this [__] again?
Yeah. Do I want to do this again?
Do you know what I mean? But what kept
me going was that and yeah. How are you
feeling though when because again you
know you keep yourself busy you keep
yourself distracted but what's going on
behind the mask like underneath the hood
everyone on the surface you know you're
keeping up appearances to keep things
the ship moving but how are you actually
feeling like when you go home at night
and when you do have those moments to
yourself in the car like how are you
feeling
believe it or not I don't really have
their moments like I literally will be
trying to do something until I'm tired
and go to sleep, wake up and continue
doing it again. Like I I don't feel like
I've sat down and taken in everything
that's happened. I don't think I have.
And I swear this scares me because
I'm like, you're taking in so much.
You're taking on so much. And all I do
is just, you know, keep working. I keep
doing this or keep doing that. But then
I feel like, you know, I've got a lot of
positive, you know, even I don't want to
even call it distractions because it's
my life. So I'm not really being
distracted because this is my life and
this is what comes with it and this is
what I'm doing and this is what I love
doing and I'm doing that. But at the
same time, I'm dealing with a lot of
grief, like a lot of it. And I haven't
sat down and, you know, taken it all in
and said like,
"Wow, like how am I feeling?" Because
I'm always just trying to
distract myself, I guess. But have you
ever seen moments where that grief or
that all the things you have been
dealing with have
caused your behavior to change in an
unpleasant way? That sometimes is one of
the like the indicators that there's
something there's something underneath
going on. Kind of like what you said
about yourself just you know there's
when you're dealing with things maybe
the first thing that might go I mean
some people start self-medicating with
alcohol or whatever it might be but then
other people you just see changes in
their behavior. They might get a bit
more angry. They might be a bit more
cold, a bit more distant, a bit you know
what I mean. Have you ever have you ever
seen any of those symptoms in yourself
because of the grief?
Yeah, I think cold.
Um,
and I feel like I've dealt with so much.
I'm not dealing with this.
And I feel like so when something
happens where I feel like I'm not
dealing with it, I'll just switch off.
Are you thinking about like
relationships? What are you thinking?
Friendships,
whatever it is, like it's not, you know,
whether it's business, whether it's
making a decision that you might not
have made before. I felt like, you know,
I might have been too nice here or been
too nice there. And just everything's
just made me feel like, you know, I've
been through a a lot more. I'm not going
to make you add to my stress or make
this add to my stress. So, I'm really
quick to just dismiss things or, you
know, and I feel like I I become a
little bit more cold to it because I'm
just like, I'm not going to deal with
that. I'm not going to. It's It's almost
like I'm protecting myself from feeling
any more hurt
or emotion.
That's one strategy, isn't it? Just to
numb life.
Yeah. It's just like I'm like, "Oh,
negative vibes.
Oh, this is no no
no. I'm just like this." And I feel
like,
you know, anything that I feel is
remotely negative, I'm just like, I'm
out.
That is probably a good short-term
strategy in some situations, but over
the long term, again, there there's
probably probably a cost, especially now
that you're a father, right? Yeah.
And one of the things you're trying to
instill into your own child is probably
like
emotions and understanding your emotions
and that it's okay to feel and and even
go the other place I, you know, I think
people often see it is in their like
romantic relationships
when you're in cuz men and women have a
different uh way about them emotionally.
Yeah, definitely.
Typically, right? And so um women are
typically more in touch with their
emotions and men are typically less in
touch with their emotions. At least
that's a a broad sort of stereotype. So
sometimes can make it difficult when a
man has like numbed himself to deal with
stuff to then be able to emotionally
connect with some a woman in the way
that I'm talking about myself as well
here
that she she she needs in order for you
to speak the same language if you know
what I mean.
Yeah. when your when your music career
started taking off and all these crazy
things start happening. Um, in your own
estimation, what was the moment where
you go that was everything really really
changed when we dropped that?
Um, everything really really changed.
Otis was like a partial change.
That was like this the first liftoff.
That was the first liftoff, but it was
like, okay, what's next then?
Yeah.
And then the next
big moment that we had was when we
released our project called Young Kings.
M
it was like a independent mixtape
that we done.
Um and we got a Guinness World Record
for it for being the highest independent
charting album.
18th or something wasn't it?
Yeah, it's like 18 years like top 20. It
was like and that was before streaming.
Crazy. So that was just you know based
on physical people buying it and you
know that was a real like wo moment for
us because just before that like that
period after Otus and before Young Kings
we was dealing with so much rejection
like in terms not even just rejection
but
you know people saying oh maybe you
should put a a girl in your group and
you can be like endubs and maybe that
might work out for you or have you tried
the ant and deck thing like just being
comedians or
like it was bare of like just loads of
people,
you know, just giving us their
projections of what they think we should
be. And it just felt like they wanted to
just chew us and spit us out kind of
thing. And and that's what it felt like.
And
you know, we started then trying to make
records to please what the radio wanted
or, you know, what we felt would have
got on TV. And then
we sat down. I remember we sat down with
Skeptor. Big up Skeptor again. We sat
down with Skeptor and we was like,
"Yeah, man. Like like the labels, man.
They're not they're trying to make us do
this or they want this kind of sound."
And I remember Skeptor said just sat
Skeptor and Jammer. They was in Skept's
house and he was like, "Forget
radio, forget TV, forget record labels.
Just do you. do whatever it is that you
want to do. There's independent plugers
that will plug you to radio themsel. You
don't need a label to get do all of
these things. Just do it yourself. Put
it out yourself. Like don't watch and
then they're going to come to you. I'll
never forget he said he said they're
going to start coming to you. That was
like a really important moment for us
where
we released our project and the music
that we made was just like what we
wanted to make and you know we made
Don't Waste My Time.
And when we made Don't Waste My Time, it
was like it was purposely made to be
like,
"Yeah, we don't care what anyone has to
say. This is the music we want to make
or we're going to say what we want to
say on the song and you lot can't tell
us anything." I'll never forget when we
put it out, it just went crazy. Like the
song started going everywhere performing
it. Then we, you know, the song ended up
on um Creed the movie and like, you
know, out to Bellow's entrance song.
Like it was a massive moment in Creed
and it was like we've done all of this
with a song that we knew like we we just
thought this is this is what we want to
do.
Don't waste my time.
Yeah. Don't don't waste my time. And we
was just like
yeah like and then as Skeptor said
everyone were running to you now.
Everyone was like oh my god want to sign
record labels left right center. Oh my
god. Like throw a checkbook. So yeah we
want you. We want you. And then it just
really was like a it was like a really
360 and and then we started doing radio
and you know TV and we started you know
really branching out and people always
like how did you get into that? But the
reason why we how is because we always
overd deliver on little opportunities.
So, we got a radio opportunity to do to
to with Apple to do a show that they've
been doing with everyone. So, not
everyone, but like a selective few of
artists. Everybody gets I think like six
episodes. Um, and then they move on to
the next artist. We ended up on episode
36 or something. But it was because we
was like, we got this opportunity. We
know how everybody else has done these
shows and what they're expecting, which
is they're not expecting much from us.
But what if we make this a sick show?
What if we go out of our way, bring
other guests on, have games, let's do
fun, let's do fun things, let's make
this entertaining, and actually make
this show a good show. And
that's what we did. So, our show was
nothing like what they expected. We went
above and beyond. We had everybody
coming on our show from Americans to
Swiss French to you know the Daves to AJ
Tra like everybody's come on our show
and we didn't have to do that. We didn't
get any extra to do it. We just said
we're going to, you know, take this
opportunity and make the most of it. And
from that, you know, they kept offering
us more shows and more shows and more
shows. And then someone, you know,
brought up the the TV show, the rap
game, and said like, "Who do you think?"
And because of our radio show and like
they was like, "No, these guys would be
great for this." That opportunity came
to us and someone recommended us to do
the rap game. And then we ended up in
TV. But that was all because we just put
that extra bit of effort in a small
opportunity. And I feel like a lot of
people, you know, don't even think like
that. Like some people think there's an
opportunity here.
This is what's expected of me. This is
what I'm going to do. And I just don't I
just don't live by that. And Conan, we
don't live by that because I feel like
if you overd deliver and show what you
actually can do in any situation, what
can come from that is going to be a lot
more. And it's always worked. It's so
true that you can take a when someone
presents you with an opportunity,
they're actually it's almost like
they're actually what you see there.
Some people will see an opportunity.
What you're actually if you look behind
the opportunity is a set of dominoes.
Yes. That if you flick the first domino
and you succeed in the first
opportunity, there's this cascading set
of opportunities that arise from it. But
if you don't do a good job on that first
domino, hitting that first domino hard
enough, you'll never start the sort of,
you know, the knock-on effect. And I see
that in everything that I've done, even
becoming a dragon or, you know, cuz it's
very easy when you become a dragon just
to fall in, just to fall in line, right?
Just to sit there.
Yeah.
But for me, it was like, here's an
opportunity for me to really try and
express myself.
Exact. And and I noticed that when I
watch it, I'm just like, I'm so glad
he's just being him and saying like what
he truly feels and not just
like it's sick to see. Do you know what
I'm saying? Cuz it's funny cuz I it
wasn't I'm not saying I'm not saying it
was a maybe it was a little bit
conscious, but my thinking is look I'm
going to I I can get kicked off the
shirt anytime. I might as well like do
it my way and have a bit of fun with it
and at least like leave a mark because
the dragons in the past that I've like
resonated less with are those that
didn't show the full side of their
personality and acted too much like a
dragon. And acting like a dragon to me
is it is like sitting there and just
like I'm out. Like I like your business.
That's good. I'm going to invest. So for
me it's like well in reality my
personality is a bit more diverse than
that. So
exactly. So people watching that will
see like there's more to him than this
whole dragons thing. And then you know
other opportunities are going to
and they have. It's crazy. It's mad.
And I I I swear I live by that. I
genuinely do. I feel like
don't see something as for what it is on
on on the surface on face value. Just
there's a lot more that can come from
this if you really just put in a bit
more effort. money. Money starts coming
in for you in your life. People don't
teach us anything about money. I mean,
you did go to university for accounting,
so I thought maybe you had a bit of an
advantage there, but I I don't don't
even know if that's true. I just I just
saw it in your uh your CV and thought,
"Oh, maybe that helped him." But money
coming in, nobody teaches us what to do
with it. Especially in I think I got to
say, I think in the in the like hip-hop
community, there's a lot of narrative
around like go and get the go and get
that car or go get buy this watch or go
buy this shiny thing. And I also think
that sets us back as well. That's
something that's I've always in more
recent times when I've started to
understand money and how it works. And
I've met billionaires and I've met
people that literally their careers are
just playing money games where they
understand how to get this money and and
double it and they have all and they
also have access. So they get the deals
first. If Airbnb is going go into the
stock market, they'll get a 50%
discount. It goes public the next day.
They sell the next day and they make
double their money.
So it's access, but it's information.
And I just feel like, you know, we a lot
of people have been deprived of that
information. So when you start getting
money in your life, what's your
relationship?
I agree 100%. Because there's things
that I just found out about that I just
didn't know existed. And it's like, why
don't we know this, you know? Um, but
like I feel like it starts from
school. I feel like there should be a
class in school that teaches you on
this. like just things like credit.
There was something at uh uni was like
you get some £750 overdraft thing or
whatever
and then I was £750. Yeah, I do that.
Yeah. Like oh great. And then they're
chasing. What are they going to do?
They're not going to do anything. I'm
not going to jail. Like and then but
like it was just not knowing that this
stuff actually
matters affects you for years to come.
And it's like you don't know just either
paying fines or whatever it is like
there's things that you know this if you
don't do this or you don't pay this or
it's going to affect you in the long
run.
And I just never knew and I'm someone
that would if I knew I heard it once
that's it never going to
I never knew. My first car was a Range
Rover Sport and it was they wouldn't let
me put it in my name. So I I my business
partner had cuz he had credit. He put it
in his name and then so I was driving
around in this Range Rover Sport living
in a sevenbedroom house with a tennis
court and my I honestly they wouldn't
lend me 200 quid
cuz I destroyed it when I went to uni. I
dropped out of uni straight away. But
I'd gone and I'd got these overdrafts. I
just blown
the overdraft. It's like they set you up
for it. Like I swear to you, it's like
it's like cuz I know so much people
that's gone down that same university
path of they offer you this big shiny
£750 like that you don't have to pay
back interest free. You do have to pay
it back.
But but you have to pay it back. But
like the way they coat it is in like you
know it's a trap that we fall into
because we don't know the consequence of
if you don't do this then this happens.
And I just feel like it stems from us. I
feel like this being something that we
should learn
in school like you know before we start
taking credit out and start doing things
that affect our credit we should be
learning about it. But there's nothing
that you know really teaches you that in
school like and you know all my peers or
my friends and none of us knew nothing
about credit. And I just think why why
is it like so hidden or why is it not
really projected? Is it a parent's role
to tell them about credit and you know I
feel like it now it is cuz it's probably
become a lot more of a thing nowadays.
But yeah, and and just things like, you
know, when you you you end up in this
world of business and you know, there's
things that you find out about, you
know, like EIS, SEIS,
and stuff like that. And I just I just
couldn't believe this stuff existed. And
it was like yeah when you you know if
you you know I've got someone
Jason um who invested in creps and cones
and stuff like that and you know had no
idea about EIS and SIS and that he could
get you know a percentage of his
investment back and you know from tax
that he's previous and it's just like
what why don't we know about this like
why is this
you know there there's so much like even
research and development you know you
being able to claim money back from that
And it's like a lot of people have
probably watching this have no idea what
I'm talking about. And it's just like
why
why don't why why is this stuff not
normalized or people knowing about this
stuff? because there's so much ways to
do things you know and there's so much
different methods of supporting you know
you doing startups or investing or
there's so much things to you know
relieve the intense you know amount of
money you might end up spending to make
that a little bit better or you not
having to spend as much or you being
able to claim this back is it's crazy
and I just feel like it's proper hidden
and as you as you you know you get
further and further into a a different
world. You you find out about a lot of
things that you didn't know about
before.
When you first started getting money,
what were you spending it on?
Um when I first first got I think the
first thing I probably bought was a car.
Like you good with money back then?
Back then I I wasn't bad with money.
Like I wasn't bad with money. I
I always thought I want to, you know,
there's there's nice things that I
really really want to get. like I wanted
a a nice car and this that and the
fourth, but I I wasn't really like over
crazy going crazy with money. I haven't
been like that. Um I feel like I've
always been, you know, good at managing
money, putting money aside, budgeting
money. I feel like I'm really really
good at that. What advice would you give
to people then that are young,
especially young people that are, you
know, about to embark on their own
career and that might, if they're lucky,
come into money? What advice would you
give them?
Um, you know, try not to upgrade your
actual lifestyle as much as you feel
like you should straight away. Because
the thing about money is it's it's not
even the short term of it. It's the long
term of living costs and that lifestyle
that maintaining that is expensive
because, you know, you might think,
yeah, I've got X amount of money. I'll
go buy this. I still got that. It's not.
Cuz over time, you got to keep spending
that money. These bills are going to
keep rolling in. You got to keep paying
for this car. You got to keep paying for
this house. You got to keep paying for
all these bills. You got to keep you
want to go out and have fun on holiday.
you want to this is, you know, so my
thing is is if you do get more more
money, try to keep the same lifestyle as
much as close as to what you was already
living, you know, because it's it's the
silent direct debits and the silent
non-stop bills and the silent favors
here and there and the silent holiday.
It's that is the silent killer is of of
what happens to people, the lifestyle.
Do you think that like hip-hop culture
is guilty of of
encouraging people though to upgrade?
It is.
You know what I mean? Cuz I think most
of my when I think about why I was
buying bottles of Don Peron in
nightclubs the minute I got money, it's
definitely because of music videos. You
know what I mean?
No, there there there is um but then
and cuz I was insecure. So it's a
combination of the both. It was like
you're insecure cuz you were broke and
you were the only black kid in an all
white school and you always wanted to be
have validation. Look at 50 Cent over
here with these bottles. He looks like
he's validated. So,
yeah. No, I feel I feel like it is.
And the And the clubs know what they're
doing as well. Like Like I don't know if
you ever noticed, but in the club, they
always make it look like people's
ordering more bottles than they
fake bottles. They put them back in the
back of the room.
Yeah. But to a person that's just in
there, they're like, "Oh, it looks like
he's just done. I need to It needs to
Yeah. And then it's just like it's just
this culture of them just taking your
money." The thing is, you know, they put
gambling shops do best in areas where
people don't have money because people
are in those areas. That's why if you go
into a more sort of deprived area,
you'll see multiple gambling shops
because they they know that people in
those areas to them money means so much
more and it's a real get out. So,
they're much more susceptible, I
believe, to gambling addictions and to
being reckless with their money because
if I can bet 50 quid and get 500, that
changes my life. Whereas if you you're
not going to see gambling shops in rich
areas because they're not they they a
might have the information to understand
the actual odds but b um they don't a
big bet isn't going to change their life
in the same fundamental way. They have
the same money insecurities. And I think
this is part of the problem within
within the like the like hip-hop culture
which is a lot of people are starting
out without it. So they have those
insecurities about money and money is
probably the reason for a lot of pain in
their home. It's probably the reason
they saw their mom and dad arguing. they
saw a lot of pain around money in their
home. Um, and so they always they always
felt that it could fill that void. And
then when they get a little bit of it,
they're so much more intent and
compelled to signal to everybody else
that they got it
by making reckless money decisions. And
that's this kind of perpetual cycle cuz
then people are looking up at them and
going, "Okay, when I get it, I'm buy the
bottles of Don Perry on and I'm going to
Yeah. and and and and it's like it's one
of those ones where it's like you can't
even really help because you you know we
can make you know all of these decisions
and that show them like look you can do
these and you know invest your money and
do this do that and forth but to someone
who is coming from nothing that has just
got this big fat check from a record
label you're going to tell me not to go
and buy a watch or not to buy a chain
and match everybody else that's
you know that you know everybody all the
girls love and this that or whatever it
is that the reason their reason for
feeling they need these things or these
items
like how do you tell them no don't do
that do this
well I think it's I think part of it is
people like you who've been through that
who they can who they trust cuz if
someone else says it they ain't going to
listen if their mom or dad says it who
ain't been through that process who
ain't made the mistake says that they
listen
I can't tell you the amount of times
I've spoken to like young artists and
said don't go and just splash your money
or don't you don't need to go and buy
these things or buy that or you don't
need to do it. And they're like, "Yeah,
but I I need the chain at least." Like
even maybe if it's just a chain or I
need something to look like a rapper.
That's what I'm saying. So it's like
self-fulfilling. It's a cycle cuz
they're going, "Well, if I don't get the
chain, then I'm not that rapper who I
want to be someday." So, if that rapper
that they wanted to be someday was
talking about investing and starting
companies and and all that stuff, they
might be saying, "Man, I need to invest
this money in the stock market or I need
to buy a property because skepters just
bought." You know what I'm saying?
But the the issue is is, you know,
they they they need to understand that
that is a a longer game and it's more
about the future. But as a rapper that
might blow up now,
they're going to get these bookings and
be on these television programs and be
in these clubs and be in these parties
with the artists that are shining that
have the good watch on that has this
there are going to be around that. So
that's immediate,
you know. So telling someone, you know,
forget their immediate, think about the
long term, but they're in the media
every single day and witnessing the
immediate now. How do you tell them to
ignore that? It's hard. So even when I
you know I sit down and have the don't
get me wrong like there's there are a
lot of people that do listen and you
know do you want to do other things and
you know that have come and ask me for
advice and ask me to intro to introduce
them to this person or that person and I
I'll always do that but there's
definitely been a lot that's like no but
I I definitely need the chain though I
need I need to at least have you know a
bus down Rolex I need it like I need a
bus down like everybody's been saying
you know you watch all the you know, big
artists in the world. They've all got
crazy chains on. Like, you know, you
look at Hoveve Jay-Z, he's one of our
biggest, you know, the people that we
look up to as a musician and a
businessman.
He's got on a sick watch every time I
see a new picture of him or he's got,
you know what I'm saying? He's got a big
chain. Like, he's still there's still
that element. I feel like for artists,
the compromise is both. Like, go and do
that stuff, but you still need to do
that stuff. Don't just do everything and
buy, you know, spend your money and
splash your money on cars and jewelry
and this. Don't do that. Maybe, you
know, if you want to do get your little
starter pack and, you know, be on your
way. Cool. But don't, you know, go and
spend all of your money or a big chunk
of your money on that. Like, you know,
if you want to do that, do it in, you
know, either stages or do it in, you
know, you don't have to do it all at
once.
I guess I understand the point as well
that like this is branding at the end of
the day. It is it is like it is like
but behind Jay-Z you do have one hell of
a portfolio. Same with Diddy. Like you
have an unbelievable property portfolio,
art collection. He's he's made crazy
bets. But you're right, he especially in
them early days before he
Yeah, he he did like and it's branding,
isn't it? And you know,
it's hard because I feel like for for a
lot of new young artists knowing
everything they've ever wanted was to be
like that rapper they're watching and
become to then turn around and be like,
"No, don't do that."
I completely agree.
I just I feel like they have to go
through it.
What they wanted though was to be
validated and they wanted to fit in and
they wanted to be accepted
cuz when when you go through it Yeah.
You're right. It's like, oh, you're
you're
Yeah, but is there not That's what I'm
saying. Like, this is so systemic that
it's not as easy as I'm It sounds like
I'm making out. Like, it's a really deep
systemic system which is held in place.
Like, and I I realized that when I've
tried to have conversations and tried to
be like, "Yeah, no, this is what you
need to do, and if you want me to
introduce this, you should put your
money into this." And they're just like,
"Yeah,
yeah,
okay.
All right."
and then they go and buy the next, you
know what I'm saying, chain or pendant
or whatever it is.
Well, what you're doing now is the the
best the best possible thing.
And that exactly and like it's a lot
deeper than just, you know, a brand.
It's more the fact that what kind of
brand,
what you are
and showing them that okay, I can
actually do anything then or you know
the the sky's is the limit and them
actually seeing that this is just as big
if not bigger than music because it's an
example that they're following. They're
following the example of the one the
rapper that they admire that came before
them. So words are [__] great, right?
Whatever. Like they're not as powerful
as an example.
Exactly.
That's what role models are. So
So it's just actually going and and
doing the things and them seeing it
and they'll be seeing all this stuff
you've been doing when everyone will be
seeing it
and they'll be thinking, hm, okay.
Yeah. And and it will spark a lot of
people to think,
you know what, let me do the idea that I
had in my head a year ago.
Yeah.
Like why not? Because you know at me
being a rapper to launch you would never
put a rapper launching a baby skincare
line in the same sentence.
Like it's just
it doesn't make sense. Even though it
makes so much sense for my life because
I have a child and a daughter and it and
it makes sense but just
the fact that I've turned that into
something and then them actually seeing
that okay
what it is is actually
a good thing. like it's not, you know,
there's I feel like there's one thing
putting your name to a brand or saying
this is my brand, go and buy it and then
actually another thing actually bringing
something out that in that market
there's a crazy demand for and they're
actually loving it. For anyone that
doesn't have the context, um you've
launched Nala's Baby, which is a um a
child care a child skinare.
Yeah. Skin and hair care um range
named after your daughter Nala.
Nala. Yes.
And this is actually how we first met
cuz I was filming Dragons Day in
Manchester. We were both in this
restaurant called Tattoo, which my
friends, one of my friends restaurants.
Great restaurant. Go check it out. One
of my favorite restaurants actually in
the country.
Um, and you came over and said, you
know, you introduced yourself cuz I
think we've been we on social. Yeah.
Yeah. But we obviously never met face to
face.
And that's one of the first things you
told me about. You said, "I'm launching
this brand in in a in a week or two or
whatever it was." And you after that,
you you sent me the deck of it. And uh I
couldn't believe it. I was sat there
with Peter Jones and Deborra Me and all
the dragons. I was like, "Man, this
guy's [__] launching this sick brand
and it's going into 400 boot stores cuz
I've just been in the den all day
listening to entrepreneurs trying to
figure out how to get into like I don't
know,
they're like having these one of them is
having a meeting with Boots and they're
just getting like blackboard or they're
getting like sidelined or whatever." And
for for you to come up to me, oh, you're
wearing 400 Boot stores. I'm like,
that's the investment I was looking for
all day. Do you know what I mean? I've
been looking at hand sanitizer
and you got all the [__] set up before
you even dropped it. you had seven
figures of investment. You had this cap
table, these investors that are
celebrities and that are, you know, big
names and that are legit people. And you
said, "Yeah, I'm about to drop this
brand in in a in a week or two." Um, and
400 Boot stores. I couldn't quite
believe it. I was like, "That's mad."
And why doesn't why isn't people why,
you know, why isn't everybody talking
about this? And then a week or so later,
everyone was talking about it.
Yeah. Cuz I hadn't announced it then,
right?
They were still I was basically like a
week or two away from actually
announcing it,
right? And um yeah, so it was like it
was one of those ones where it was like
even explaining it to you, I was like
you probably thinking how come I've
never heard of it or why but because
yeah we we hadn't announced it at that
point but the amount of preparation that
went into even just the announcing to
the launch.
How long did that whole project? Two
years.
Two years like two years before before
Nala was born. Um, basically how it how
it started was Sasha, who's Nala's mom,
um, was pregnant with Nala and
she became really like, I want
everything natural. We're having a baby.
I want the best for her as as mothers
do. Do you know what I mean? And
she got introduced to an app. It's like
a product re rating ingredient app um,
called Think Dirty. So, it rates
products from 0 to 10. So 10 being the
absolute worst and zero being the
cleanest. So we're getting, you know,
baby shower gifts and loads of people
are giving us gifts and loads of them
are products and, you know, skincare,
hair care products. So, we're putting
all of these products in the app and
all of these products, you know, they're
claiming that this this that and the
fourth and
a lot of the products are coming up as
eights and fives and like
looking for the zero. Like, is there any
zero zeros here? Like, because it
literally rates each individual
ingredient.
Oh, so zero is a good score.
Zero is the best score. So that means it
has zero bad ingredients in there and
like it highlights each ingredient of
what number it gives each each
ingredient and how harmful and you can
click in it. It gives you the details.
It's really detailed and you know
thorough. So I was like there's no
zerorated like baby range in any of
these any of the brands that we're
getting cuz all the brands was like
they're available in all the high high
street retailers and stuff. So I'm just
like nah this this can't be right. and
she was like, I don't want to use
anything on on her and she's born cuz
why is there no And then we did see like
a few random zeros here and there but
you know they're either really expensive
you know we're talking like 20 a bottle
£25 a bottle or whatever it is or
they're from another country they're not
even sold here. Um, so
you know when she kind of brought this
to my attention, it was like me having
my business hat on was like just like
why don't we why don't we make make it
why don't we make that and then we
thought is there a reason why there
isn't maybe maybe there's a reason maybe
it's not feasible or what's the reason
why isn't there why doesn't this exist
and then
um it was like all right cool where do
we even start and then I reached out to
someone um I don't I'm not sure if she
wants me to say her name on that cuz
she's really like private but she's a G
and I I brought the idea to her
and
she was like this is a sick idea and um
funny enough I met an amazing
manufacturer like a week ago
So, I will present this to them and see
if it's something that they want would
want to do. Um, but let's let's let's
mock up the branding and let's get the
branding right so that, you know, when
we bring it to them, they can kind of
vision it. So, you know, we're working
back and forth in with the branding and
we're like, "Yes, this is it. This looks
exactly how we want it to look." And um
she took it to the manufacturers and the
manufacturers was like, "Let's do it."
like this sounds like an an amazing, you
know, idea. Um, you clearly done
research and you clearly have a USP and,
you know, exactly what you want for this
product. So, this sounds like a journey
that we would love to embark on. So, you
know, getting a tick from the
manufacturer was important for us, you
know, cuz there's loads of And, you
know, she was one of the people as well.
Getting her stamp saying, "Yeah, I think
like this would be great." And um so
we've started developing the formula and
you know they was like okay so what do
you want? I was like look I want a brand
a skincare range not just a you know one
skew but like the whole range. It needs
to for one be a zero rating on this app.
All the ingredients need to be a zero.
Okay we'll get to that. I said, I want
it to be 100% natural as the most
natural you can get it. And then they
came back and was like, you know, 100%
isn't what we would advise for kids
because, you know, microbes and fungus
growing on products. You need shelf
life. So, you know, you need to have a
preservative in there. And and there's
different types of preservatives.
There's natural alternatives. Um, and it
was like, okay, cool. We just want it to
be the most natural you can possibly
get. Like we want it to be as naturally
derived as possible and we wasn't going
to settle. And there was that. And then
there was the checklist of the parent
checklist of, you know, vegan,
crueltyfree,
you know, tear free, so if it goes in
their eyes, it doesn't burn. Alcohol
free, all of these
sensitive skin, eczema, and then, you
know, cuz we took so long formulating
it, Nala was born and she had eczema. So
that was like, you know, it needs to be
suitable for eczema. It needs to not
irritate eczema. It needs to, you know,
be suitable for sensitive skin at least.
We need all of these checklists. And
then it was like, okay, that's great.
And then we was like, but we want it to
be about £5,550.
And that's where it was like,
okay, this is going to be really kind of
difficult to do because it's like if you
want such a great product, it's going to
cost a lot. And then it made me realize
why there's this doesn't exist. Maybe
maybe I still don't know, but why
doesn't this ex and it was like we've
got to really take a hit on the margins,
but if we believe that we can make a
great product and sell loads of units,
then you know it's about the mass amount
of sales rather than the niche market
that can afford an expensive product.
And
and did do you you started this business
with your ex partner? Yes.
At the time when you started this
business, were you still together?
Yes, we was. So you actually you you
separated in the time of formulating the
business.
Yeah, we did.
A lot of people I mean obviously
for a lot of people that would have been
it.
Yeah.
You have broken up but you know I feel
like one thing we've definitely
prioritizes putting our daughter first
and you know we feel like this is
something that if we get it right it can
be something we can pass down to our
daughter or or you know her to be proud
of you know cuz we you know when she's
older we might not even be in a company
still. I don't know what can anything
can happen. We might not even be here or
do you know what the company's valued at
our one? Yeah. At the moment 17 and a
half
17.5 million.
Yeah.
Based on the orders that obviously the
mount stores are in the orders and that
wasn't even including like DOC. It was
just based on, you know, our orders from
Boots and uh the rate of sale that we
was expected to hit, which we've
absolutely smashed since launching. But
um yeah. Um and the the investment as
well. So,
I mean, I've been seeing online it's
been selling out like crazy and
it's like my team has put in a order
like a um hundreds of thousands of
bottles. Yeah, hundreds of thousands of
bottles. Me being me, like, guys, this
is a lot of bottles. Like,
this is a lot of bottles. Like, are we
sure we need to buy this many bottles?
And my my team, look, trust me, we know
what we're doing. And then
we're a week and a half in and I've run
out of bottles and we've already put in
the order for the the next um cycle of
production already and that was meant to
last us 3 months and we've done all of
our bottles in a week and a half. I
would say when nearly two weeks people
literally can't find it going to the
stores sold out sold out.
I saw people selling it on eBay and
stuff.
It was it was crazy. Like people
literally people are still trying to get
hold of it. They're going into I get
messages every day people t I can't it's
not available. It's not available. It's
not available. And we've just literally
had to you know sold out on our website.
Our stock gone. Like everything was just
selling out everywhere. It was like it
became like gold dust. People was like
my god I finally I managed to get one
bottle. It was only a conditioner but
you know when you restock it it it's
crazy. And we just did not see this. We
knew it was going to it was like we I
knew it was going to do like well in
terms of like I thought people would
resonate with this because it's actually
a really amazing product but it's
actually exceeded everyone's
expectations and you know now Boots is
like yo we need a lot more stock and
it's like how have we got to place
another order already of making more
stock to be available and it's just like
at this rate like this rate of fail like
what we valued our thing was before.
It's like we've definitely undervalued
oursel here based on what's what what's
happening here. And you know, now we've
got to think, oh my god, we've actually
got to think about the next phase of
investment now because, you know, we're
going to be looking to to expand. We're
going to be looking to expand.
I'm going to make you an offer crap.
I'm going to offer you all of the money
for 98%.
Oh my god, that is so funny.
So yeah, man. Like we're literally just
in awe of like everything that's
happened and you know, everybody coming
in and and trying to make it work and
you know, boots cooperating and, you
know, really being like really like, you
know, supportive of everything that's
going on. And
what have you learned? What I've learned
is as it relates to like you know people
listening to this that might have their
own ideas or they might be thinking
about setting up their own business.
What what have you what have you learned
from this you know this process over the
last 2 years of building this brand that
you that you didn't know before? what
I've learned. I feel like this is the
first time that I've been able to fully
prepare for something in terms of
you don't need to rush the process
because initially when you know
we was doing this brand I was so excited
about the brand and when I wanted it out
and it was like I could have you know
done this brand a lot quicker
cut corners
could have I could have you know when
they sent us the first batch of samples
been like yeah not gone back and said,
"No, I don't like this. I want to change
this. What's the percentage? I want I
want I want it more natural. I want it
more this. I want and now now we need
to, you know, do this test and that test
and this." And it was like I I didn't
have to do all of that. I could have
literally just, you know,
got the brand after the first batch of
samples, which is in the first couple
months or whatever, and been like,
"Yeah, let's just get it online." I
didn't need to, you know, take my time.
We took our time like anytime there was
a a obstacle and it would cause us to
push back and it was like do you want to
push back or do you want to just go
ahead? No, just push it back. Let's just
keep pushing it back cuz we need
everything perfect. We need we don't
want to rush this process, you know, if
something needs to be changed and it was
like I think we got it got something
back and it was at like 95% or something
natural and was like no if it's going to
take us another month, 2 months to get
it to 99, I'm just going to wait. What
have you learned about um the importance
of one of the first lessons I learned in
business was cuz I'd also made the
mistake previously and then when I got
it right I realized how important it was
is the like what have you learned about
the importance of the people around you
especially you're going into an area
that you've not been in before retail
even like the baby market
it's a brand new area and
so you've got to have surely you've got
to have people that
know know that world
yeah like these are unknown unknowns to
you like you going into that it's the
same with me in most area new areas that
I've been in in terms of industries. I
don't even know what I don't know.
Of course. And you know what? One thing
I' I've done with this is I let the
experts be experts in in certain
aspects.
And the issue is that how do you know
they're experts? Cuz you don't even know
if they're good.
You don't. But all you can do is based
on, you know, prior work, your
relationship with them, and them knowing
what they're talking about. Um, and you
know, you can only gauge it to as much
as your brain can gauge something to,
and you've got to kind of put trust in
it. Whether you might have to replace
this or replace that person or this or
get someone else to do that, it it
happens in business all the time. But,
you know, I feel like I've been a good
judge of character so far cuz everybody
that's been in my team from the start is
still here now.
Isn't it funny how good people hire good
people?
100%.
And bad people hire bad people.
100%. It's probably the single biggest
thing I think I could impress upon
anyone from this conversation as well
because I know you had you you said
you've had that experience with Creps
and Cones is just like there'll be young
people thinking about starting a
business and those first decisions about
who they do it with will be the single
biggest predictor of their success or
failure as far as from my experience
like those first few people if you pick
a if you pick a if you take your time
and really be ambitious with the talent
you align yourself with you say you know
why can't I work with the best person in
the world in this not not just Dave who
ain't got a job and he's got time on his
hands who I've who I know went to school
with like why can't I find the best
person in the world and inspire them to
come with me on this and to fill my
blind spots. People don't do that
100%.
And also the other reason we don't do
that and why I didn't do that when I
started my business is cuz I don't think
I can manage
the best person in the world. Someone
even double my age. I don't I don't know
what [__] I'm talking about. So how am I
going to tell them what to you know what
I mean? And that's an insecurity that
means we just go for Dave
100%. I can't remember who said it. They
were saying something like
they they if you if you're in a a room
or around people where you know you feel
like you shouldn't be there.
I can't remember where I was where I was
where I was watching someone say that
and it was like you should always feel
like you shouldn't be here.
Like you're the dumbest person in the
room.
Yeah. Like you know if you feel like
you're
Yeah. then you shouldn't you shouldn't
be in and you should always feel
uncomfortable like as in like almost
like you shouldn't be here
like and those are the rooms that you
should be in or those are the people
that you need to be trying to you know
bring on the journey with you and
that's the growth room
yeah and that's the growth room and you
can't be afraid of that you got to be
able to go in there and say like look
this is who I am this is what I know and
this is what I'm doing and do you want
to embark on this journey with me and
not feel a way to do that cuz I feel
like a lot of people might be shy to go
and approach this person or you know say
like even even me coming to you
who's seen 100 million people talking
about business to show you the business
I'm doing
and you know being able to just feel
confident enough to do that cuz some
people would have thought cuz you you're
the first person that will pick apart
something you know what I'm saying no
like okay so what this doesn't make
sense so I was just like you know but I
I've leared to just be that person and
not be afraid to, you know, go and
approach someone who might be 10 times
more experts in this field than me. And
I don't feel scared to do that because
that's the only way I'm going to grow.
Quick one. We have a brand new sponsor
on this podcast which I'm very excited
to tell you about. They're a brand
called Blue Jeans by Verizon and they
are a video conferencing and
collaboration tool that has changed the
game for our team. So, I'm so glad to be
working with them because, as you know,
one of the most important things for me
is when we have a sponsor, it is part of
my world. It is part of my life. It is
part of my companies. As someone who's
on calls pretty much 80% of the day
building my businesses and speaking to
my teams all over the world, it's the
guaranteed security that differentiates
Blue Jeans from all of the other options
that are out there in terms of video
conferencing. Their enterprisegrade
security means you can protect your
organization from malicious attacks and
establish real trust with everyone that
joins your meeting. And that is
something. There are so many things that
make sense and and make Blue Jeans um a
better option than the sort of
competitors out there. And I'll be
talking about all of those aspects,
those features, and the reasons why I
use Blue Jeans in the coming episodes.
If you want to check it out, you can
head to www.blue
jeans.com to learn more. For many years,
people have been asking for a coffee
flavored Hule. And quite recently, Hu
released the iced coffee caramel flavor
of their um ready to drink Hules. And
I've just become hooked on it over the
last couple of weeks. And now I'm
drinking that as well as the protein.
Make sure you try the new ready to drink
flavors. The the caramel flavor is
amazing. The um new banana flavor as
well is amazing. And obviously, as I
said, the iced coffee caramel flavor has
been a real smash hit. So check it out.
Let me know what you think on social
media. I see all of your tags and
Instagram posts and tweets about your
back to the podcast. I want to talk to
you about m music as well. Before we
finish,
um, one of the things that I I almost
couldn't believe cuz it just feels like
the most unfortunate timing ever is that
you're attacked backstage. Yeah, I was I
was Yeah, I was backstage and then like
loads of people just come backstage and
then they they they was asking about
someone who I had no idea what they was
talking about. I was just it was just a
mad confusing hole. And then
someone grabbed my chain, my cadet
um my cousin. And then I just remember
seeing knives like
like literally like my jacket was like
it was crazy. Like I just all I remember
is seeing I had to fight my way through
it to get through the door to close the
door. But yeah, and then I looked down
and then my jacket was just full of
rips. And then I looked at my leg and it
was soaking. My hand was bleeding. I
could like it was crazy. And um I
remember the ambulance was like, "If
this was a millimeter deeper, you would
have got your artery on your leg and it
would have been a different scenario."
And it was a bunch of guys. I don't even
know who they are. Never met them. Never
had issue with them.
Like don't It was crazy. in in
Birmingham cuz they've all just rushed
backstage. But
yeah, it's crazy. And that um Yeah. No,
that wasn't really in like it wasn't in
it.
Yeah. Yeah. It was just a completely
different um thing.
But it was like Nash and Cadet passing
within the same year. That was
the real like
not on the same year but within a year.
So Nash passed in the summer of 2018.
Then Cadet passed
um 4 days after my birthday, 5 days
after my birthday,
right?
Cadet passed in February.
So
who's who's for people that don't know
who is I mean Cadet in of itself is is
very well known, very well loved. But
who is Cadet to you?
Cadet is my cousin, my first cousin. Um
my dad and his dad are brothers and he
was a musician as well and he passed
just you know he was just having his
break record and his record was was
growing and like he was really in his
you know that moment where you're about
to just and he was there and he passed
away in a car accident on the way to a
show
um which which was just like it was
crazy because
um
just like a few weeks prior my uncle
Cadet's father just told us he'd been
diagnosed with a brain tumor
and that he I remember him just saying
and I don't know what I'm going to do
and that was the last you know so we
began mentally preparing for my uncle
and and they saying the doctors are
saying that you know I've got a couple
months at max
and we was trying to get through that.
Um and then two weeks later cadet passes
in a car accident on the way to a show.
Um, and he was in a full car and he was
the only one that passed away
which was like it was it was crazy and
it just makes me feel like you know if
something's destined for you then it's
destined for you because there was so
many variables that that could have
changed that situation in terms of you
know he was coming around a a corner a
blind corner and the guy that was
driving was drunk driving a van and he
they crashed on a on a corner on a road.
So if cadet was 10 seconds later or 10
seconds earlier, that wouldn't have
happened and there was like variables of
he missed the cab before. So there was
me to get in an earlier cab, but he
missed that. Then they had to call
another one and then get in in that in
that cab. And then the other variable
was they wasn't even meant to get a cab
there. There was meant to actually just
drive to the show, but the person that
was meant to drive them couldn't end up
making it. So then they've had to go
there and then, you know, get a cab and
there was so much different var and it
just was like 10 seconds, 5 seconds
even.
So it was a drunk driver that he
drunk driver. Yeah. He was drunk and he
and he drove head on into the the taxi
and the car was full and he was behind
the taxi driver and it the impact on his
head is what killed him.
He was he was more than just a cousin to
you though, wasn't he?
Yeah. Like he was
like my whole life. Like we grew
together like as in
like my mom was at
his birth. His mom was at my birth. Like
from day dot we've been like this, you
know, and like we grew together.
We done everything together, shared so
much first memories together. And then
we had like a little moment of of or
period where our relationship became
rocky because I started being successful
in music
and he wanted to do music as well. And
cuz it was the same argument with him.
It was like you need to you need to go a
bit more hard with this music. You need
to do this. You need to do that. And so
we invited him to Wireless.
Um, we was performing at Wireless
Festival and was like, "Just come like
get inspired. We got we got we're about
to perform. It's going to be sick." And
he came and I remember he was like, "I'm
so charged. I'm so charged." And then
he, you know, he got in the studio. He
was like sending me loads of me. He was
like, it was a whole different energy.
And then, you know, you could feel that
energy, you know, being resonated with,
you know, fans and the audience. And
then he started really building this,
you know, following and he's, you know,
he was really great at storytelling.
Like he was an amazing storyteller and
people loved that about him. And he, you
know, it it just started all happening
for him. And then before he died, I
remember he done a um he put like a clip
of him doing a song with another artist
called Dino. like they put a clip up and
then I remember
Kona was saying to him like turn this
into a song. Make this a song. This is
make this an actual record. That song
now has gone you know to be platinum
selling and it was independent
and you know we was having those
conversations about money. He was like
we because we was like look this song's
picking up. You're about to see really
good money. And he was like yeah but
it's not here now. And I'm saying,
"Yeah, cuz it takes a while to get
processed and for you to receive it."
But and he was like, "Shall I sign the
record? Shall I sign it to a label?"
Because a label will offer me, you know,
100 grand, 150 grand right now for I'm
saying, "No, this song is already doing
what it's doing without any label. Just
do it independently and just let it
build and you'll make so much more than
what they're offering." And he was like,
"All right, cool. That's what I'm going
to do." And then the song just kept
getting bigger and bigger. You know,
it's silver 200,000 copies, 300,000
copies, it was just growing. And then,
you know, he was finally having that
moment where he was about to, you know,
break through and then he had a the the
accident and then it was just like
everything just came crashing down and
that was like within the same like
within a year of Nash passing away and
Nash was
like my best friend and then Blaine
passing away. Cadet's name is Blaine
passing away, you know, within months
after that. And I've just lost these two
pillars in my life within a year whilst
being told my uncle's going to die.
Do you remember where you were when you
found out?
Yeah, I was in Dubai. Um my partner at
the time, Sasha,
um took me to Dubai for my birthday
and
um we was I was packing and walking in
the lobby to go to the airport back to
come back. So I was on the way back to
London
and then my friend CJ
was calling me. But the time that it
was, it was at like it was like 2:00
a.m. or 1 2 a.m. in London and I think
it was like 6 6:00 a.m. where I was like
4 hours difference or something. But I
just remember looking at the phone, you
know, and thinking cuz CJ doesn't call
me, but he's really close with cadet,
but so he doesn't call me like as in
like he wouldn't he was not one to call
me at that time of night for anything.
So, I'm looking at my phone and I don't
know how my brain processed that there
was an issue in such a short time. And
he called me. I was like, the time in
the UK is 2:00 a.m. CJ never calls me.
Why is he calling me? Something's gone
wrong. He's Him and Blaine are like
this. Something's gone wrong with
Blaine. And I answer the phone. I just
done all of that like straight away. I
was just like, "This doesn't make
sense." And I've answered the phone and
he's literally crying on the phone and I
knew straight away like I knew I didn't
know what how
like sorry I didn't know how well or I
just knew that something was wrong and
it was to do with Blaine because he's
calling me and he's just crying on the
phone crying on the phone and I'm just
like what what what and then he said
he's gone and he didn't need to say bla
cadet. He didn't need to say that cuz I
I knew exactly who he was talking about.
And then he said and he but he wasn't
talking properly. He was like car crash.
Like he's gone. He's gone. He's gone.
Like and then I just remember like I ran
out of breath. I was I had to lean on
something. Like I my breath was going
like I felt like I was literally going
to drop down and faint in the middle of
the hotel. And I was just like I I
didn't even know what to feel. Like I'm
about to get on a plane. I've just found
out my cousin's passed away and I'm you
know stuck in an airplane. Like this
whole time I'm just going through
customs. I'm doing this. I'm doing this
but I've just found out my cousin's died
and I'm just like get me back now. Like
it was one of the worst if not the worst
feeling like ever. like losing him was
uh like h it was horrible like it was
horrible and
you know he was so such an important
person in my life like I would speak to
him about everything like every idea
every song I play to him like every just
everything like he was like everything
to me do you know what I mean and to
lose him
it was
It was hard. It was horrible. And just
something we're still dealing with.
Still dealing with it till today. Still
I still I haven't even taken my thought
off the gas since
to sit down and actually taken that he's
not here. Up until today, I haven't.
Do you remember the last thing that you
that Blaine said to you?
Yes.
The last thing he said to me was, um,
just know that I love you for real, for
real, and I've got your Gucci socks for
your birthday.
That was the last thing he said to me.
And I was congratulating him on getting
his first apartment cuz he just got his
apartment. And he was like, "Yo, I'm
really feeling like starting to feel
like a rough now. Like I'm starting to
feel like um and yeah." Yeah. And he was
like, "I've got these Gucci socks here
for you when you're when you're back."
When I'm meaning I was in Dubai.
And that was the last time we spoke.
I can see you're still processing it.
Wow.
What's on your mind?
I just feel like he should be here, man,
and
witnessing everything. And
like I just felt like it was too soon,
like he was on the brink of doing
something great
and it was just like it just got taken
away from him and
yeah, it just felt too soon. Like you
know when someone has so much to to to
offer like he has so much to offer the
world. He was like his presence was so
infectious.
Like he's that person that will come
somewhere and you just you will remember
him because like he's such a troll
comedian. Makes you laugh. So positive.
Hasn't got a bad bone in his body. Like
he's he's the person he was the person
that would tell you all the friends, "I
love you, bro." And everyone's like,
"Oh, bro, stop saying that." He would
say, "Yeah, I love you." and he would
say, "Look you dead in your eyes and
say, "Yeah, I love you." And he didn't
feel a way to say that. And he, you
know, he was always so expressive and he
made us feel comfortable to be like,
"No, I love you, man. I love you, too. I
love you, too. Like, my brother, I love
you." Like, and you know, he was that
guy. And, you know, he had the most
infectious laugh.
Like, he was so honest with, you know,
when you're trying to make a decision,
he'll give you the most honest opinion.
if you think something's not good or
nothing something's terrible idea like
he was that person man and
he was a big part of me so that's why I
feel like I haven't and don't want to
sit down and process it
and it's not easy you know we buried not
buried but my uncle got cremated but his
funeral was yesterday
So
he passed away a few weeks ago. They
gave him a few months. He lived an extra
few years. So he was a fighter. Um
but
I've lost both of them and like they're
both important role models in my life.
Like my uncle was he was the guy. Do you
know what I mean? like it he was the
responsible the guy like my dad is more
the you know I I can go and do something
with my dad that we shouldn't be doing
like he's that guy do you know what I'm
saying and me and my dad are really
close now do you know what I mean but my
uncle was always that if I need advice
or this is what I'm going through or
what should I do here and you know even
talking to him about nalas and him
saying like you know You should do this
right. Get investment.
When in those moments when you realize
that life can be unfair and precious in
equal measure, you people often speak
about things words that went unsaid.
Things they wish they could say in
hindsight. Something that I think a lot
about with my parents as well. I try and
reflect on the fact that they're not
going to be here forever and that
there's certain things I wish I I should
probably be saying to them now that that
at some point when I realize which we
life teaches us in the most unfortunate
ways that life is finite. It's not
guaranteed and it is precious. that um
we realize when it's too late and people
as they say get the roses um after they
can smell them.
Definitely.
Is there anything that you when you
reflect on
words you you you wish you could have
said to him or you wish you could say
now that that um that comes to mind? Is
there anything where you go you know
what I wish in hindsight now I know how
precious life is. I wish that this had
been different or
um no, but he did teach me a very
valuable lesson because
otherwise I would have had that regret
and that would have been eating me up
until today was us sorting out our
little issues that we had
and becoming close again and not letting
that drag out because if we didn't
Yeah. I would have lived in regret for
the rest of my life. The fact that I
didn't, you know, we didn't hug hug hug
hug through it and turn our page and and
get on with what we are as cousins,
blood and family, and you know, we've
been in each other's lives forever. We
trust, love each other. Like, if I
didn't rectify that situation, we didn't
rectify that situation, how would I
felt? So, it's definitely taught me from
there. when I have issues with people
that are close to me or arguments with
family members, just forget that. Sort
it out now. We got to sort it out now.
Let's argue. Let's scream at each other
now, but let's do it now. And let's hug
afterwards. That's what it's taught me.
I don't want to, you know, live in
regret and think, h like on the last
conversation we had was we was arguing,
wasn't even talking. our words were
harsh or you know because that can
happen and also other little moments of
spending time you know I feel like
especially even after yesterday and just
seeing my family
that was at Blaine's funeral at my
uncle's funeral and thinking that if
this was me these are the same people
that are going to be there for me this
is who I need to be focusing my time and
energy
Because these are the people that care
the most. Not saying no one don't care,
but as in these are the people that are
going to be here if this happens to me.
Who's these are the people that are
lifting my uncle's casket that is going
to go and lift my casket? This is where
I need to to to really focus and spend
my time because everything else it's
great. It's it's lovely, but you know,
anything can happen to me and that means
nothing and then it means everything to
my family. Do you think you need to um
confront some of those things that
you've kept yourself distracted from
confronting the grief, the loss?
I do.
And how how do you think you you'd go
about doing that? because I've heard you
speak about and encourage other people
to go to therapy before and have those
conversations, but from what I was able
to ascertain, that's not something
you've done yourself.
I haven't done therapy. I'm not
I I I just I just felt like, you know,
if someone feels like they want to go
therapy, don't feel weird by going to
therapy. I I don't know why that was
even even seemed as weird at a stage or
not even weird. Sorry.
You used to be stigmatized that going to
therapy makes you crazy or something.
Yeah. like whatever it was. But it's
not. It's just it's normal. But I
haven't done it
because I feel like I'm on this
treadmill. Yes. And that's why I haven't
done it. And I feel like therapy is
going to be the thing to make me
actually take everything in. And I feel
maybe I'm scared to go therapy maybe.
But I feel like I should.
We have a closing tradition on this
podcast where the last guest asks the
next guest a question. and they don't
know who they're writing it for and I
don't get to read the question until I
open this book. So,
yeah.
Um,
interesting. These are always quite
difficult because they're always quite
profound, but um, when was the last time
you changed your mind about something
life-changing?
I think the last time I changed my mind
was
Nala's baby. The fact of, you know, we
just broke up
and we had that, yeah, no, we're not
going to do this because this don't make
sense. And then having that,
you know what? Nah, we've got to put our
daughter first. Change my mind. Let's do
it. Let's do it. Let's do it. Let's do
it. Let's do it. And it was like, okay,
cool. Let's do it. And, you know, I feel
like what we're about to achieve with
that, God willing,
you know, was a life-changing decision.
It's interesting cuz when I reflect on
the story you've shared with me today,
there was another moment where you had
to make a big decision. Sat in that car
after Conan was Conan's family was
attacked. Yes. And it's funny in
hindsight how you can see how a decision
just in the opposite direction that
could have happened through emotion in
the moment, a decision not to choose
maturity or to put something more
important first could have sent your
life in a completely different direction
and
just for temporary feelings, you know, a
decision you can make and make a
permanent outcome. And it's just like,
yeah, think about it.
Crap. Thank you for your time. It's been
I mean it's been incredibly inspiring to
to meet you, to get to know you, to see
what you've done. And I don't know, I
feel like life might have, you know,
made us cross paths for a reason because
I was thinking a lot about a lot of
things to do with like money and
investing and how, you know, how to be a
better role model for the next
generation of people and young people
from slightly challenging backgrounds.
And then I'd met you that day. Yeah,
you were doing this incredible thing
with Nala's baby and um
it was like the universe had conspired
to inspire me at that exact moment um to
make sure that your story and what
you're doing becomes the role model
becomes the the thing that young people
are aspiring to do because not only did
you have huge success in this one area
of hip-hop music and rap and and those
things but for you then to go into a
completely unexpected
slightly bizarre to be honest
lane of like baby the baby wear
industry. It's the it's the most perfect
example of like resisting your labels.
Your labels told you to be a rapper to
rap. But in resisting your labels, you
went into a completely different area
where you're absolutely not allowed to
be
according to society. And for you to
make a huge success there, I think is
the best evidence we can all take on for
our own lives that we are not our
labels. We can do anything. and um and
and also um you've given such clarity on
like the steps that we take to get
there. The importance of team, the
importance of hard work and and much of
it is just the importance of self-belief
because when your partner was was having
those concerns about other baby wear
baby products on the market, a lot of
people would have just accepted it. They
would have just taken the product that
had the eight rating. But there's a
certain type of person that goes maybe
we can change this and that's what you
did. So, thank you for the inspiration.
Thank you for the generosity of your
time and thanks for sharing your story.
[Music]